Refactor(eos_designs)!: Remove bgp_ecmp default value 4 for non WAN routers (#5935)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

-   type: l2ls
```

### Removal of default bgp_ecmp value for non-WAN routers

In AVD 5.x, non-WAN routers had a default bgp_ecmp value of 4.

Starting AVD 6.0.0, default bgp_ecmp value is removed, and bgp_ecmp must be explicitly defined when required.

To retain the previous behavior, set the value explicitly in structured config:

```diff
+ bgp_ecmp: 4
```

### Required keys for eos_designs data models

Starting AVD 6.0.0, the following data model keys have been made required in `eos_designs`.

| Required keys |
| ------------- |
| `aaa_settings.accounting.exec.default.type` |
| `aaa_settings.accounting.system.default.type` |
| `aaa_settings.accounting.dot1x.default.type` |
| `aaa_settings.accounting.commands.console[].type` |
| `aaa_settings.accounting.commands.default[].type` |

> 

Reviewer: These changes is removed from devel so lets rebase it again

Author: Resolved conflicts

-   type: l2ls
```

### Removal of default `bgp_ecmp` value for non-WAN routers

In AVD 5.x, non-WAN routers had a default `bgp_ecmp` value of 4.

> Starting AVD 6.0.0, default `bgp_ecmp` value is removed, and `bgp_ecmp` must be explicitly defined when required.

Reviewer 2: This line does sound to me a bit like there was a `default` set in the schema for the `bgp_ecmp` which is not really the case.  Should we make it clear here that there was no `default` set in the schema and this default of `4` was set for the specific device type right in the code?

Author: Updated

> Starting AVD 6.0.0, default `bgp_ecmp` value is removed, and `bgp_ecmp` must be explicitly defined when required.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting AVD 6.0.0, the default `bgp_ecmp` value for non-WAN routers is removed, and `bgp_ecmp` must be explicitly defined when required.
```

-   type: l2ls
```

### Removal of default `bgp_ecmp` value for non-WAN routers

In AVD 5.x, non-WAN routers had a default `bgp_ecmp` value of 4.

> Starting AVD 6.0.0, the default `bgp_ecmp` value for non-WAN routers has been removed to take advantage of each platform defaults instead of potentially not installing paths. `bgp_ecmp` must be explicitly defined when required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Removal of default `bgp_ecmp` value

In AVD 5.x, `bgp_ecmp` had a default value of 4 except for WAN routers where there was no default value.

Starting AVD 6.0.0, the default value for `bgp_ecmp` has been removed to take advantage of the default value in EOS,
which will be the maximum supported ECMP routes for the platform.
Now `bgp_ecmp` must be explicitly defined if required.
```
